good afternoon my favorite viewers are glad
greet you on your channel and
today i want to tell you about
interesting cosmetics sang cosmetic this
Ukrainian cosmetics and I test it
together 2 probably and let's start with the cream
for eyes
eyes in mass is a mirror of the soul if u
us eyes glisten skin under eyes not
dry is normal then everything is fine we
feel so confident this such
cream I have as you can see it already
very little left I would test and
I'll tell you right away regularly
enjoy practically in the morning and
in the evening this is what we imagine
such a cream is pretty pretty so thick and
I will immediately say that there are a lot of active
chest and it needs quite a bit
and what I noticed when using this
cream if they use regularly
so absences the case then first to the new
all cleaned up
circles under the eyes more or less become
not so invisible about
cleaned wrinkles i can't say that
I'm certainly not for
this and generally my main demand
probably the cream was such that I need
so that the skin was under the eyes
well moisturized cream here this feature
perform almost 100 percent
before the skin moisturizes very well
dark circles a little about wrinkles not
noticed and plus all the same
in the morning if you used it for the night
in the morning you get up you have no a
ate from puffiness of eyes that is normal
all good eyes shine following this
Me such a cream this lifting cream with
botox effect who does not know what is
here so probably such and there is no botox at
wrinkles relax us and here
here here is so unique
so-called peptide which helps
relax on mimic wrinkles immediately
smells say they are and that's
probably neutral here at all
products such soon
such a plant smell is not chemical but
Here is such a floral smell and
regular use of appointments
cream clean up such mimic wrinkles
which we have in the process
the process of our life and if you will
regularly use at all like
the manufacturer guarantees
that mimic wrinkles will decrease
and companies will appear new and
the main regularity I understand that
In general, according to my feelings you probably need
enjoy constantly I take breaks
I use something that I use
break and switch to another tool
after applying the skin of course yes you can see
that she was fresh rested about
wrinkles, I also did not notice one need
need regularly
so if you are interested then
look closely here and so it looks and
You are such a package for the next three
the tool is probably still heavy
a weapon like this
remedies is botox serum with effect
reduction of mimic wrinkles in the area
forehead
if you have them
very well expressed up to 52 percent
such a remedy is very serious
probably apply when you really
such serious problems and
is a here is such that
there you take a little bit and put on
face let's say this is a consequence of this replacement
botox
someone else injects someone
apply if you are not so pronounced and
you want to remove your mimic
wrinkles then you can use here
I’ll tell you right now that I haven’t yet
enjoyed
effect effect I can not say but who
who has such problems who does not want
do injections then look at here to
this means also with this one can
take advantage to take advantage after
how you did for example
oil and after injection can
take advantage of that is constantly
use this means the following
the tool is also very interesting
means this is dough which
added our cream from eat on
example my use some how
cream and how do i use i take a little bit
cream and add a drop here this
means stir and put on the skin
cosmetics pretty interesting
rack and try and
Well, as the price I have is very very
acceptable whom I am interested in in general
I will write a link under the video
so look in there look at
them except for these my means which i
I ordered still very, very much and I
read and watched reviews about utah
cosmetics, that is, many very , very
she likes so much thank you for
attention with him bye bye